One thing that we discovered as a group
is that if you do have two profiles,
you can do a dash dash profile
equals whatever the other one is.
In this case,
I'm just going to use the default one.
But if you do happen to have two running
just make sure using that flag if you're
using that on.
>> Does it actually have the equals in it?
>> It doesn't have equals,
it's just dash dash profile sleep.
I on the other hand just blew my old
accounts away for the purposes of this so
I won't need to cuz I live fast and
dangerously.
So, like I said, I, if you count on
the repo we have a repo it's great,
you can use it, that's wonderful.
If you have any other application
that you would like to deploy,
you can use that, this course is
agnostic to what you wanna deploy, and
more about how you actually
go about deploying it.
But I have effectively a create react
app with just enough react router
in it to cause some problems with not
having static files for everything.
And other than that, some Lorem Ipsum,
there's not a lot going on.
So, we've got that in place.
Now you have this aws
command on your command line.
It'll work with almost all the services,
in this case, you want for s3.
There's actually ls like there
is in bash or what have you.
Which point I could say, okay, show me the
contents of s3:// was superawesome.click.
And you can see the one file
from today is in there,
that index.html that I had uploaded,
right?
Sleep, now, we could want to put
some other stuff in there as well.
There's a bunch of different commands
that you can play around with, but
we're gonna go with we're in an app,
we're ready to rock and roll, and so
we'll do an npm run build And that's
again, this is just create reactive.
In my case, if there's another
application you wanna build,
your npm script might
be slightly different.
This is the one that builds this file and
it will go ahead and spit it out.
And it says look,
the build folder is ready to be deployed.
Well, that's incredibly convenient for
I, I'm ready to deploy it.
And so from the command line,
we can do aws s3 and
we'll copy that build directory to
s3://superawesome.click.
In my case but
whatever your bucket name is you do not
have permission to deploy my bucket.
Because my policy,
you don't you get stuff on my bucket.
Now put stuff in my bucket.
I'm gonna do -- recursive in this case.
I don't think there are sub
directories in a build file, but
that will iterate down all
of the different folders.
I'm gonna just for the people in the room,
move that up slightly.
So that's what we have.
And then I'm gonna hit the button.
And you can see that it
is going through and
uploading all of my various assets
that are in that directory up to s3.
>> What node version are you on?
>> Probably, the current LTS, 16.
That shouldn't matter, so
don't think that it's changed effectively,
yeah, I guess for building
the application it might actually matter.
But for the actual aws cli,
we've got that in place and
now we can go back over to our bucket.
Go to s3 bucket here as
well back over objects,
give that page a refresh, And
you can see that I have all
of the files that I uploaded.
In this case, you can also see that the
index.html is from the same time as all
the rest of the files, which means it
overrode that when we generate when
we upload it by hand and
it is also twice the size.
So now I should be able to go
back down and revisit the site.
Here it is.
It's got a bunch of
different Lorem Ipsums,
you can choose your favorite later
as well as a very large picture of
the Beatles that took a few seconds to
load or a few milliseconds as well.
Has some problems.
You'll notice that very
angry not secure up there.
It's not HTTPS.
My URL leaves something to be desired,
right?
There's some piece of this, it's
superawesome.click.s3-website-uses-one.Am-
azonaws.com.
Also if I go to one of these there
is client side writing notes zombie.
If I actually hit that,
that file doesn't exist,
the client side routing took
care of it with history API.
If I go to that file,
it fundamentally breaks the web, right?
And we talked a little bit before
how s3 was a key value store.
You'd be like,
there's no such key called whatever
that is /notes/zombie in this case.
So we should fix that at some point
because our URL should probably work.
At the very least that's
not the greatest error but
they should also just work in this case.
So we should have some of
that in place as well.
So, there's a lot to be desired here,
is also currently hosted out of uses one.
So, if you are pulling this
particular URL up from a place that
is not close to Virginia,
it will get progressively longer
to load depending on how far
away you are from that location.
So, we have the ability now
to build an application,
deploy it on Amazon but you rest of
our focus now is one operationalizing.
So we're not doing it by hand, two,
fix a bunch of problems around the HTTPS,
the routing,
the URL itself,
the location of those pieces as well.
That's the next piece of this is
to get all those parts in place.